Refine code generator overview (#28463)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/roslyn-sdk/source-generators-overview.md

    > [!NOTE]
    > You might need to restart Visual Studio to see IntelliSense and get rid of errors as the tooling experience is actively being improved.

1. If you're using Visual Studio, you can see the source generated files. From the **Solution Explorer** window, expand the **Dependencies** > **Analyzers** > **SourceGenerator** > **SourceGenerator.HelloSourceGenerator**, and double-click the _Program.g.cs_ file.

    :::image type="content" source="media/source-generators/solution-explorer-program.png" lightbox="media/source-generators/solution-explorer-program.png" alt-text="Visual Studio: Solution Explorer source generated files.":::

>     When you open this generated file, Visual Studio will indicate that the file is auto-generated and that it can’t be edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you open this generated file, Visual Studio will indicate that the file is auto-generated and that it can't be edited.
```
